pay off the amount. The
total interest does not include the principal. The special
discount of 56,000 yuan
is two more Apple Vision Pros.
Congratulations.
So the minimum repayment amount
can only take you to heaven for a short time.
What is the actual price? The
interest will push you into the abyss of hell, and there is
no way back.
So you must repay on time.
If you don't have any outstanding balance,
you are smart.
In fact, the
largest source of income for credit card companies is interest, which
accounts for 56%. There are also
annual fees,
overdue fines, etc.
Two-thirds of the income comes
from consumers themselves, that
is, credit card holders. The
remaining small part of the income comes
from merchants themselves.
In addition to this,
credit cards also use a
method that seems to have nothing to do with money to make money, which is